<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
	<meta charset = "utf - 8">  
	<title>109306090 羅駿安</title>>
</head>>
<body>
	<div style = "background-color:blue;">
		<p><H2>Helloworld<br>
		My name is Xavick.<br>
		Studying in NCCU.<br>>
		Major in MIS.</H2>>
	</p>> 

	<p> <i> <H3> Exercise </H3> </i> </p>
	<p> <b> <H5> 
		<em>Calculus</em>>,originally called infinitesimal calculus or <em>"the calculus of infinitesimals"</em>>, is the mathematical study of continuous change, in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra <br>>is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations. 
	</H4>> 
	</b>>
	</p>>

	<p><b><H5>
		It has two major branches, differential calculus and integral calculus; the former concerns instantaneous rates of change, and the slopes of curves, while integral calculus<br>>concernsaccumulation of quantities, and areas under or between curves. These two branches are related to each other by the fundamental theorem of calculus, and they make use of the <br>fundamental notions of convergence of infinite sequences and infinite series to a well-defined limit.
	</H5>>
	</b>>
	</p>>

	<p><b><<H5>
		Infinitesimal calculus was developed independently in the late 17th century by Isaac Newton and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz.[2][3] Today, calculus has widespread uses in science,<br> engineering, and economics.
	</H4>>
	</b>>
	</p>>

	<p><b><<H5>
		In mathematics education, calculus denotes courses of elementary mathematical analysis, which are mainly devoted to the study of functions and limits. The word calculus (plural calculi) is a<br>Latin word, meaning originally <em>"small pebble" </em>>(this meaning is kept in medicine – see Calculus (medicine)). Because such pebbles were used for calculation, the meaning of the word has<br>evolved and today usually means a method of computation. It is therefore used for naming specific methods of calculation and related theories, such as propositional calculus, Ricci <br>>calculus, calculus of variations, lambda calculus, and process calculus.
	</H5>>
	</b>>
	</p>>

	
		
	</div>>
